what's up guys does like 45 and I'm
bringing you mcpe my lab so first off I
want to say drop an enormous like for
the thumbnail it is really amazing um I
put some hard work into that thing still
pretty cool pretty cool remember to drop
a like for that amazing thumbnail let's
get to the bond so today's mod is the
portal guns mod portal gun mod I did
review this and it's pretty late but you
know I just wanted to review some old
moms I had that I thought are really
cool so you can craft this so let me
open up the crafting table i'm going to
show you to the tool section you can
craft this i will put the moderators
youtube in description below and the
bond description below and basically
just yeah you you craft this and when
you wow I am so sorry about that i
spazzed out let's get back to the mod so
portal gonna bond basically when you
craft it you can shoot anywhere tap
anywhere with this thingy and watch this
BAM you get a you get like diamond slabs
and gold slabs and you teleport back and
forth when you jump on them we are
apparently teleporting because i keep
repeatedly getting on them basically so
i'm still pretty cool um I really do
advise you download this mod and give
some full credit to lambeau he is an
awesome mod crater this is like the
coolest mods I have ever seen now I
actually was thinking somebody should
make this in zero point seven point six
but it was made in 0.1 it was pretty
cool but somebody should bring back the
gravity gun 40
since it from the ultimate craft mod
pack which was amazing so yeah so
because like the little mod showcase was
small and tiny something to see you guys
later it's been desde 45 and peace guys
work